index.md, before:

---
title: "Writing in the <br>age of the web"
date: "2015-07-25 14:32:24"
---

This is not a book. But it *is*:

… an old-fashioned hypertext about writing for digital.

… full of notes on digital as an artistic medium.

… not a text that considers digital to be a remediation or dilution of other media.

… a throwback to the days of the early web.

… written by a couple of over-educated opinion-givers. The 'I' in this text could refer to either one of us.

… over 40 000 words of observations you can easily ignore.

… woefully incomplete and still in progress.

***

- *[Introduction](/Introduction.html)*. The blindness of mandated prophecy.

- *[How did we get here?](/How_did_we_get_here.html)*.

- *[The form of the thing](/The_Form_of_the_Thing.html)*. Devaluing and fetishisation go hand in hand.

- *[What does the reader want?](/What_does_the_reader_want.html)*.

- *[What does the writer want?](/What_does_the_writer_want.html)*. And digital myths.

- *[Transmedia](/Transmedia.html)*.

- *[What do books do?](/What_do_books_do.html)*. Discover the boundaries of all things not-book.

- *[Choose your structural grammar](/Choose_your_structural_grammar.html)*. Digital as a cornucopia of structural choices.

- *[Serial fiction](/Serial_fiction.html)*.

- *[A Literature of Ambience, or Ambient Literature?](/Ambience.html)*

- *[Writing a fugue](/Writing_a_fugue.html)*.

- *[This is not a disruption](/This_is_not_a_disruption.html)*. Laying the odds on our many futures.

Commit message:

Implemented everything necessary for a dynamic single page version

index.md, after:

---
title: "Writing in the <br>age of the web"
date: "2015-07-25 14:32:24"
---

This is not a book. But it *is*:

… an old-fashioned hypertext about writing for digital.

… full of notes on digital as an artistic medium.

… not a text that considers digital to be a remediation or dilution of other media.

… a throwback to the days of the early web.

… written by a couple of over-educated opinion-givers. The 'I' in this text could refer to either one of us.

… over 40 000 words of observations you can easily ignore.

… woefully incomplete and still in progress.

***

You can either [*read the entire thing as a single page*](/SinglePage.html) or you can browse the individual sections below:

- *[Introduction](/Introduction.html)*. The blindness of mandated prophecy.

- *[How did we get here?](/How_did_we_get_here.html)*.

- *[The form of the thing](/The_Form_of_the_Thing.html)*. Devaluing and fetishisation go hand in hand.

- *[What does the reader want?](/What_does_the_reader_want.html)*.

- *[What does the writer want?](/What_does_the_writer_want.html)*. And digital myths.

- *[Transmedia](/Transmedia.html)*.

- *[What do books do?](/What_do_books_do.html)*. Discover the boundaries of all things not-book.

- *[Choose your structural grammar](/Choose_your_structural_grammar.html)*. Digital as a cornucopia of structural choices.

- *[Serial fiction](/Serial_fiction.html)*.

- *[A Literature of Ambience, or Ambient Literature?](/Ambience.html)*

- *[Writing a fugue](/Writing_a_fugue.html)*.

- *[This is not a disruption](/This_is_not_a_disruption.html)*. Laying the odds on our many futures.
