This_is_not_a_disruption.md, before:

---
title: "This is not a disruption"
date: "2015-07-25 14:13:56"
sort: 12
---

From the perspective of a creator, writer, or artist, it does not matter whether Clayton Christensen’s theory of Disruptive Innovation is true or not. It doesn’t matter if it
can be tested. There is little point in debating its flaws. It is a theory of business and management with little bearing on the practice of storytelling. It isn't nearly as all-encompassing as the cult of Silicon Valley would have us believe. The phrase "Disruptive Innovation" has become a shibboleth—the code word that tells us whether you are with us or against us. Debates on the theory are nothing more than the clubs and
claws of warring paradigms and will net us nothing but pain and
conflict.

What publishing and media are going through is not a disruption but a paradigm shift. It may or may not be accompanied by Disruptive Innovations™ but even if it is, the paradigm shift is purely in terms of our practice and how we see our practice. Akin to a religion, each paradigm is a worldview, conceptual framework, and theory of practice all wrapped into one. Switching from one to another is not achieved through reason and debate but through revelation and apostasy. The business implications of media a networked society are orthogonal to the practice of storytelling in a networked society.

This isn’t a question of changing your mind but of feeling your old god
die in your heart as it is strangled by the new god. You can sometimes
change a person’s mind but a wholesale transformation of a worldview is
a place people have to walk to themselves. You can only arrive at an apostasy on your own, you can't be brought there.

Faith abides and is not subject to reason. Shattering faith to replace
it is always an act of violence, even when it is self-inflicted.

<div class="not-on-single-page" markdown="1">

***

- *[The Print Paradigm](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Print_paradigm.html)*. Worldview and process.
- *[Everything is digital](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Everything_is_digital.html)*. Digital is inclusive where print is exclusive.
- *[Ebooks – the stillborn hybrid](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Ebooks_-_the_stillborn_hybrid.html)*. The ebook. Oh, what to say about the ebook.
- *[Paradigms are defined through practice](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Paradigms_practice.html)*. Worldviews can't be taught. Practice is what defines.
- *[The wealth of change](/This_is_not_a_disruption/The_wealth_of_change.html)*. Once you've stopped fighting.

</div>

Commit message:

Broke "Don't be framed" out into its own entry

This_is_not_a_disruption.md, after:

---
title: "This is not a disruption"
date: "2015-07-25 14:13:56"
sort: 12
---

From the perspective of a creator, writer, or artist, it does not matter whether Clayton Christensen’s theory of Disruptive Innovation is true or not. It doesn’t matter if it
can be tested. There is little point in debating its flaws. It is a theory of business and management with little bearing on the practice of storytelling. It isn't nearly as all-encompassing as the cult of Silicon Valley would have us believe. The phrase "Disruptive Innovation" has become a shibboleth—the code word that tells us whether you are with us or against us. Debates on the theory are nothing more than the clubs and
claws of warring paradigms and will net us nothing but pain and
conflict.

What publishing and media are going through is not a disruption but a paradigm shift. It may or may not be accompanied by Disruptive Innovations™ but even if it is, the paradigm shift is purely in terms of our practice and how we see our practice. Akin to a religion, each paradigm is a worldview, conceptual framework, and theory of practice all wrapped into one. Switching from one to another is not achieved through reason and debate but through revelation and apostasy. The business implications of media a networked society are orthogonal to the practice of storytelling in a networked society.

This isn’t a question of changing your mind but of feeling your old god
die in your heart as it is strangled by the new god. You can sometimes
change a person’s mind but a wholesale transformation of a worldview is
a place people have to walk to themselves. You can only arrive at an apostasy on your own, you can't be brought there.

Faith abides and is not subject to reason. Shattering faith to replace
it is always an act of violence, even when it is self-inflicted.

<div class="not-on-single-page" markdown="1">

***

- *[The Print Paradigm](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Print_paradigm.html)*. Worldview and process.
- *[Everything is digital](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Everything_is_digital.html)*. Digital is inclusive where print is exclusive.
- *[Ebooks – the stillborn hybrid](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Ebooks_-_the_stillborn_hybrid.html)*. The ebook. Oh, what to say about the ebook.
- *[Paradigms are defined through practice](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Paradigms_practice.html)*. Worldviews can't be taught. Practice is what defines.
- *[Debating a paradigm is pointless](/This_is_not_a_disruption/The_wealth_of_change.html)*. Trying to convert people is a waste of time.
- *[Don't be framed!](/This_is_not_a_disruption/Do_not_be_framed.html)*. Avoid getting dragged into discussion anti-patterns.

</div>
